1. from sklearn.preprocessing import StandardScaler:

StandardScaler transforms your data so that each feature has a mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 1, 
making it more suitable for many machine learning models. This process is also known as z-score normalization.

Many machine learning algorithms perform better or converge faster when features are on a similar scale and 
centered around zero with unit variance. For example:

1. Distance-based algorithms:

Algorithms like K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) or Support Vector Machines (SVMs) rely on distance calculations. 
If features have vastly different scales, features with larger values might influence the distance calculations.

2. Gradient descent-based algorithms:

Algorithms that use gradient descent (e.g., linear regression, logistic regression, neural networks) can converge 
faster when features are standardized, as it helps prevent oscillations and ensures that all features contribute 
equally to the learning process.

3. Regularization:

Regularization techniques like L1 or L2 regularization assume that features are on a similar scale. 
Standardizing helps ensure that the regularization penalties are applied fairly across all features.

2. from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split:

The sklearn.model_selection.train_test_split function divides a dataset into two distinct subsets: a training set and a testing set. 
This separation is fundamental in machine learning for evaluating the performance of a model.
 
Training Set:
This portion of the data is used to train a machine learning model. The model learns patterns and relationships from this data 
to make predictions or classifications.

Testing Set:
This remaining portion of the data is kept separate and is not used during the training phase. After the model is trained, 
the testing set is used to evaluate how well the model generalizes to unseen data. This helps in assessing the 
model's predictive performance and identifying issues like overfitting or underfitting.

The random_state = number ensure that the data is split in the same section.
